[Implementation] Add Initial implementation for the Jira Service Desk Connector (#1)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-jira.servicedesk: README.md

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-jira.servicedesk.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-jira.servicedesk)
# Ballerina Jira Service Desk Connector

> This module allows you to access the Jira Service Desk's REST API through ballerina. Jira Service Desk is an ITSM 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module allows you to access the Jira Service Desk's REST API through Ballerina. The Jira Service Desk is an ITSM 
```

> solution by Atlassian. With Jira Service Desk, you can easily receive, track, manage, and resolve requests from 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
solution by Atlassian. With the Jira Service Desk, you can easily receive, track, manage, and resolve requests from 
```

> your team’s customers. Jira Service Desk is built on the Jira platform, so you’ll see some terms and concepts that 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your team’s customers. The Jira Service Desk is built on the Jira platform. Therefore, there are some common terms and concepts that 
```

> carry across all of Atlassian’s Jira products. The Jira Service Desk connector can be used to manage your service desks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be found across all of the Atlassian’s Jira products. The Jira Service Desk connector can be used to manage your service desks
```

> by executing the supported CRUD (create, read, update, delete) operations on the issues, projects, customers and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by executing the supported CRUD (create, read, update, delete) operations on the issues, projects, customers, and
```

 organizations.

The following sections provide you details on how to use the Jira Service Desk connector.

- [Compatibility](#compatibility)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Samples](#samples)

## Compatibility

|                                      |           Version           |
|:------------------------------------:|:---------------------------:|
| Ballerina Language                   |            1.2.x            |
| Jira Service Desk REST API           |            3.6.2            |

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
Download and install [Ballerina](https://ballerinalang.org/downloads/).

### Pull the Module
Execute the below command to pull the Jira Service Desk module from Ballerina Central:
```ballerina
$ ballerina pull ballerinax/jira.servicedesk
```
## Sample

> Instantiate the connector by giving authentication details and the url of your Jira instance in the Jira client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instantiate the connector by giving authentication details and the URL of your Jira instance in the Jira client
```

 configuration. 

**Obtaining Tokens**

> 1. Visit [Atlassian](https://www.atlassian.com/) and create an sign up to create your account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Visit [Atlassian](https://www.atlassian.com/) and sign up to create your account.
```

> 2. Generate an API token for Jira using your Atlassian Account: https://id.atlassian.com/manage/api-tokens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Generate [an API token](https://id.atlassian.com/manage/api-tokens) for Jira using your Atlassian Account: 
```

**Create the `servicedesk:Client`**

```ballerina

> // Create `servicedesk:Client` configuration by reading from config file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Add the content of the below config file to create a `servicedesk:Client` configuration .
```

import ballerinax/jira.servicedesk;

servicedesk:BasicAuthConfiguration basicAuth = {
    username: USERNAME,
    apiToken: API_TOKEN
};

servicedesk:Configuration jiraConfig = {
    baseUrl: BASE_URL,
    authConfig: basicAuth
};

servicedesk:Client servicedeskClient = new (jiraConfig);
```

**Perform Jira Service Desk operations**

```ballerina
import ballerina/io;
import ballerinax/jira.servicedesk;

public function main() {
    servicedesk:BasicAuthConfiguration basicAuth = {
        username: USERNAME,
        apiToken: PASSWORD
    };

    servicedesk:Configuration jiraConfig = {
        baseUrl: BASE_URL,
        authConfig: basicAuth
    };
    servicedesk:Client serviceDeskClient = new (jiraConfig);

    servicedesk:User userCreated = checkpanic serviceDeskClient->createCustomer("<CUSTOMER_EMAIL>", "<CUSTOMER_NAME>");
    string USER_ID = "";
    string? userId = userCreated?.accountId;
    if (userId is string) {
        USER_ID = userId;
    }

>     // Perform `Organization` related actions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Perform the `Organization`-related actions
```

    servicedesk:Organization organization = checkpanic serviceDeskClient->createOrganization("<ORG_NAME>");
    // Add the created user to the organization
    checkpanic organization->addUsers([USER_ID]);
    // Retrieve all the users in the organization
    servicedesk:User[]|error usersInOrganization = organization->getUsers();
    // Remove the created user from the organization
    checkpanic organization->removeUsers([USER_ID]);

>     // Perform `ServiceDesk` related actions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Perform the `ServiceDesk`-related actions
```

    // Retrieve all the service desks in your Jira instance
    servicedesk:ServiceDesk[] servicedesks = checkpanic serviceDeskClient->getServiceDesks();

>     // Retrieve service desks by id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Retrieve service desks by the ID
```
